General comments
---------------------
Figures are hard to follow in black/white --- this might be difficult to fix, but we should look into it. 

Whereever we use capital letters for abbreviations (e.g., TAMP,
SFRCRA-14) we should but them in small caps. For example TAMP -> {\sc
tamp}.

Abstract Comments 
------------------------ 

I think we can restructure this to make it tighter/shorter

First sentence: "Tasks in model manipulation planning often require thousands of
individual motions to complete."

"Such problems require...configuration space." This is nice, but
likely takes up more room than we need. I think we can cut it

"a logical search with continuous" -> "a logical search over high level actions with continuous"

"for searching in the space" -> "that searches the space"

"We develop techniques for using statistical..." --- Passive voice. "We develop techniques that apply statistical machine learning to"

"3) we apply reinforcement learning to this MDP to learn to
efficiently refine task plans; 4) we learn from expert demonstrations
to efficiently search the space of task plans."

Introduction
----------------------

I think we can cut this first paragraph. And replace it with the following:

"We are interested in designing autonomous systems that can perform
complex mobile manipulation tasks over long time horizons (e.g.,
setting a dinner table, doing laundry...etc). We approach this problem
in the framework of combined \emph{task and motion planning} ({\sc
tamp}).

In {\sc tamp}, an agent is given..."

"TAMP systems maintain a hierarchical..." --- I don't really like this
characterization; I don't think that all TAMP work fits into this
description. How about we drop this sentence and then change the next
one to "Efficient integration of high-level, symbolic, task planning
and low-level, geometric, motion planning is difficult..."

"for jointly" passive voice --> "to perform joint search in..."
"(logic-based)" --- I think we can drop this parenthetical

I think readers will have trouble understanding what we mean by
refinement here. It would be good to introduce a specific
example. "For example, in a pick-place domain a task plan consists of
a sequence of grasp and place actions, while its refinement is a
sequence of collision free trajectories that implement the plan."

When we talk about the complete algorithm, I think we can do a better
job of setting it up. Right now it seems like our main contribution is
the data structure --- really its that we use the error propagation to
define a graph in the space of task plans. I think a natural way to
present it is as follows: 1) SFRCRA-14 uses error information to find
a new plan; 2) We think of this as defining a graph where nodes are
high level plans and edges are error information; 3) We use this idea
to develop a complete algorithm that interleaves search in this graph
with plan refinement.

In the next paragraph we need a little motivation for why we are
learning heuristics. The reason we do this is that there are a lot of
refinements/task plans, so we need a heuristic to make search
efficient. We should cover the approaches in the order that they
appear in the paper. It's also important to provide some of the
motivation for why we do IRL and not RL at the high level.

The list of contributions in the intro and the list of contributions
in the abstract should be essentially the same (only difference I can
see is that we can't use SFRCRA-14 in the abstract b/c we haven't
defined it).

Related Work
------------------

We can drop the standalong sentence "Our work..."

Dearden and Burbridge: highlight two key differences. 1) fast planning
vs predicate accuracy/semantics; 2) independent vs dependent
distributions.


